doc/source/getting_started/index.rst, before:

.. _getting_started:

===============
Getting started
===============
To run PyFluent-Parametric, you must have a local licensed copy of Ansys Fluent. 
PyFluent-Parametric supports Ansys Fluent versions 2022 R2 or newer.

Visit `Ansys <https://www.ansys.com/>`_ for more information on
getting a licensed copy of Ansys Fluent.

************
Installation
************

Python module
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The ``ansys-fluent-parametric`` package currently supports Python 3.7 through
Python 3.10 on Windows and Linux.

Install the latest release from `PyPi
<https://pypi.org/project/ansys-fluent-parametric/>`_ with:

.. code::

   pip install ansys-fluent-parametric

Alternatively, install the latest version from `GitHub
<https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric/issues>`_ via:

.. code::

   pip install git+https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric.git


For a local "development" version, install with:

.. code::

   git clone https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric.git
   cd pyfluent-parametric
   pip install -e .

Follow `README.rst. <https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric/blob/main/README.rst>`_.

This allows you to install the PyFluent Parametric ``ansys-fluent-parametric`` module
and modify it locally and have the changes reflected in your setup
after restarting the Python kernel.

Add parametric documentation here.

If you want to interact with the Fluent graphical user interface, set the
following environment variable:

.. code::

  set PYFLUENT_SHOW_SERVER_GUI=1    # Windows
  export PYFLUENT_SHOW_SERVER_GUI=1 # Linux (bash)

If you want to print the debug information for development, set the following
environment variable:

.. code:: python

  pyfluent.set_log_level('DEBUG') # for development, by default only errors are shown

Commit message:

Overall edits to PyFluent-Parametric doc (#59)
* Overall edits to PyFluent-Parametric doc

* Fix typos

* Run precommit to fix black failure

* fix type and run precommit locally

* Committing these files that show as changed, even though I don't know what they are.

* Minor edits

* Deleting autogenerated files from autosummary

* Remove more unnecessary commited files

* Update gitignore

* Remove unnecessary files from examples

Co-authored-by: RobPasMue <roberto.pastormuela@ansys.com>

doc/source/getting_started/index.rst, after:

.. _getting_started:

===============
Getting started
===============
PyFluent-Parametric provides for scripting parametric studies using Ansys Fluent.

To run PyFluent-Parametric, you must have a local copy of Ansys Fluent
2022 R2 or later licensed on your machine.

For more information, see the `Ansys Fluent <https://www.ansys.com/products/fluids/ansys-fluent>`_
page on the Ansys website.

***************
Install package
***************
The ``ansys-fluent-parametric`` package supports Python 3.7 through Python 3.10
on Windows and Linux.

Install the latest release from `PyPi
<https://pypi.org/project/ansys-fluent-parametric/>`_ with:

.. code::

   pip install ansys-fluent-parametric

Alternatively, install the latest release from `GitHub
<https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric/issues>`_ with:

.. code::

   pip install git+https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric.git


For a local *development* version, install with:

.. code::

   git clone https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric.git
   cd pyfluent-parametric
   pip install -e .


Any changes that you make locally are reflected in your setup after you restart
the Python kernel.

If you want to interact with the Fluent graphical user interface, set the
following environment variable:

.. code::

  set PYFLUENT_SHOW_SERVER_GUI=1    # Windows
  export PYFLUENT_SHOW_SERVER_GUI=1 # Linux (bash)

If you want to print the debug information for development, set the following
environment variable:

.. code:: python

  pyfluent.set_log_level('DEBUG') # for development, by default only errors are shown
