doc/source/index.rst, before:

PyFluent-Parametric documentation |version|
===========================================

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 2

   getting_started/index
   users_guide/index
   api/index
   examples/index
   contributing

Introduction
------------
PyFluent-Parametric provides scripting of a parametric study using Ansys Fluent.
It is part of the `PyAnsys <https://docs.pyansys.com>`_ ecosystem that
lets you use Fluent within or alongside any other Python environment,
whether it is in conjunction with other Ansys Python libraries and packages or
with other external Python products.

Documentation and issues
------------------------
In addition to installation and usage information, the PyFluent-Visualization
documentation provides :ref:`ref_index_api`, :ref:`ref_example_gallery`, and :ref:`ref_contributing`
sections.

On the `PyFluent-Parametric Issues <https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric/issues>`_,
you can create issues to submit questions, report bugs, and request new features. To reach
the PyAnsys support team, email `pyansys.support@ansys.com <pyansys.support@ansys.com>`_.

License
-------
PyFluent-Parametric is licensed under the MIT license.

PyFluent-Parametric makes no commercial claim over Ansys whatsoever.
It extends the functionality of Fluent by adding an additional Python interface
to Fluent without changing the core behavior or license of the original software.
The use of the interactive control of PyFluent-Parametric requires a legally
licensed local copy of Fluent.

For more information, see the `Ansys Fluent <https://www.ansys.com/products/fluids/ansys-fluent>`_
page on the Ansys website.

Project index
-------------

* :ref:`genindex`

Commit message:

Edit support email address and Contribute section heading (#185)
* Edit support email address and Contribute section heading

* Add how to switch doc versions

* Changing to project support team to be consistent with other libraries

doc/source/index.rst, after:

PyFluent-Parametric documentation |version|
===========================================

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 2

   getting_started/index
   users_guide/index
   api/index
   examples/index
   contributing

Introduction
------------
PyFluent-Parametric provides scripting of a parametric study using Ansys Fluent.
It is part of the `PyAnsys <https://docs.pyansys.com>`_ ecosystem that
lets you use Fluent within or alongside any other Python environment,
whether it is in conjunction with other Ansys Python libraries and packages or
with other external Python products.

Documentation and issues
------------------------
In addition to installation and usage information, the PyFluent-Visualization
documentation provides :ref:`ref_index_api`, :ref:`ref_example_gallery`, and :ref:`ref_contributing`
sections.

In the upper right corner of the documentation's title bar, there is an option
for switching from viewing the documentation for the latest stable release
to viewing the documentation for the development version or previously
released versions.

On the `PyFluent-Parametric Issues <https://github.com/pyansys/pyfluent-parametric/issues>`_,
you can create issues to submit questions, report bugs, and request new features. To reach
the project support team, email `pyansys.core@ansys.com <pyansys.core@ansys.com>`_.

License
-------
PyFluent-Parametric is licensed under the MIT license.

PyFluent-Parametric makes no commercial claim over Ansys whatsoever.
It extends the functionality of Fluent by adding an additional Python interface
to Fluent without changing the core behavior or license of the original software.
The use of the interactive control of PyFluent-Parametric requires a legally
licensed local copy of Fluent.

For more information, see the `Ansys Fluent <https://www.ansys.com/products/fluids/ansys-fluent>`_
page on the Ansys website.

Project index
-------------

* :ref:`genindex`
